(gentle music)
(suspenseful music)
(birds chirping)
(tense, eerie music)
(dramatic music)
(alarm beeping)
(Spencer grunts) (alarm turns off)
(metallic clacking)
(water splashing)
(Spencer sighs)
(tense music)
(metallic rattling)
(coffee trickling)
(alcohol pouring)
(gulping alcohol)
(metallic rattling)
(water splashing)
(motor whirring)
(birds chirping)
- [Spencer] Morning.
- Morning was an hour ago. It's nearly lunch.
- What's all this?
- Well, the mayor came in for his 9:00,
he wanted you to know that he waited for 20 minutes,
which was 19 minutes longer than he wanted to.
I told him you were sick
and we would follow up to reschedule.
Fish and Game called twice.
Seems they need someone to draft a policy
on the definition of a buck deer.
You got a call from Nolan Holt this morning,
and your sponsor left another message.
He wants you to call him back.
- What'd Nolan want?
- He didn't say.
It sounded important, though.
- How so?
- When I told him you were otherwise indisposed,
he asked that you hurry every chance you get.
- Call the mayor, reschedule for lunch tomorrow.
- Mm-hmm. - What's the name
of that seafood place he likes?
- Oceaner?
- That's the one.
- Make sure they bring out those hush puppies.
- Mm-hmm. - He likes those.
After that, call Fish and Game, tell them anything
with a hard antler protruding through the skin
is a buck deer, same as last season
and the hundreds of seasons before that.
- And your sponsor?
- Forget it.
- [Reema] You sure?
- I'm busy.
- Mm-hmm.
And Nolan?
- I'll handle that one myself.
(phone rings)
You gonna get that?
- You know, one of these days,
that thermos is going to catch up with you.
- Well, lucky for you, you'll be here
to tell me I told you so.
- The worst time to hear I told you so
is when you ended up saying it to yourself.
(phone rings)
- Thanks, Reema.
- [Reema] Hello? Yes.
(birds chirping)
(truck rumbling)
(engine rumbling)
(metallic clacking)
(door bangs)
- What's up, partner?
- Hey, Nolan.
So, what'd you wanna show me?
What's the phone call about?
- (chuckles) Check it out.
Whoo-whee.
- Nolan, why is there a shark in the back of your truck?
- [Nolan] Isn't she a beauty?
- That's not what I asked. Where'd you get this?
- Went and got it in Surf City,
me and my buddy were out fishing.
Got 'em something big.
It's crazy.
- Why do you have it?
- Why do I have it?
Why do you think I have it, son?
I'm gonna sell it.
- You're going to sell it?
- Yeah.
You know, the teeth, jawbone.
Sometimes people like to eat the fin and shit.
I'll make a killing.
Great.
- It's fucking bloated.
Are you sure it's-
- Stop stirring shit, don't worry about it.
- All right, all right.
Cut that shit out.
You gotta get this thing out of here.
Take it back where it came from.
- Why?
- Because this is a small town, Nolan.
Once word gets out, you got a dead shark near the lake?
People are going to equate all this to sharks
being in the water.
- That don't make any sense.
Everybody knows that no sharks swim in freshwater.
- It's the perception, Nolan.
I don't need to explain that to you. Just do what I ask.
I want this thing back in Surf City today.
You got it? - Goddamn, man.
Well, can I keep a fin at least?
- Get your ass on the road now.
- A tooth? - Do it!
You piss me off. - Goddamn it.
I knew I shouldn't have brought it here in the first place.
(truck beeping)
(doors bang)
(water splashing)
(door bangs)
- Hey! What the hell you doing?
You can't just come in here unannounced, Gary.
- Unannounced?
I call your cell, you don't answer.
Your office, no call back.
I mean, seriously, do you even get my messages?
Besides, you always leave key outside
in case you go AWOL.
- Did it ever occur to you I might just be busy?
- Don't bullshit a bullshitter, man.
(tense music)
(metallic rattling)
You were coming up on 100 days.
- I had shit with work, Gary, Dottie and the kid.
- And this is how you get them back?
They don't have room for an addict.
And from what you've told me,
they've made that pretty damn clear.
When's the last time you actually ate something?
You know, if you keep facing in the right direction,
this thing's really pretty simple,
but you've gotta keep walking.
- I'm trying, Gary.
I should've called you.
- Well, have you seen her? The kiddo?
- It's been three weeks.
I don't know.
I drove by the house the other night.
- Well, look, I'm here to help,
and I'm a hell of a good listener.
I'll put on some coffee.
- Thanks, Gary.
(line whirring) - Catching anything?
- Not a damn thing.
What's in it?
- Coffee.
(birds chirping)
- Ah, shit. - You got a license
to fish out here?
- That's none of your damn business, Gary.
(Gary laughs)
Just worry about taking care of me.
- That's a full-time job.
- I bet it is.
I appreciate you either way.
- [Gary] You can do this deal, brother.
One day at a time.
- Did you ever slip up?
- I did, several times.
Hey, you know what?
I wouldn't trade this way of life,
and I wouldn't trade my sobriety for anything in the world.
(line whirring) You'll get there.
- Yeah. (somber music)
(metallic rattling)
(Spencer coughs)
(melancholy music)
(water rippling)
- Oh, I shit my pants. (grunts)
If he thinks I'm driving back down south,
he got another thing coming. (grunts)
Whoo.
Man, you're a heavy son of a bitch. (sighs)
Here you go, Betsy, into the water.
There.
(water splashing) (Nolan grunts)
8:30.
Here.
There.
(tense music) (plane engines whirring)
(Nolan humming)
(water splashing)
(tense music)
(tense, eerie music)
(birds chirping)
(water splashing)
(seagulls cawing)
(eerie, suspenseful music)
(creatures warbling underwater)
(tense music)
(suspenseful, eerie music)
(woman yells) (dramatic music)
(woman screaming)
(water splashing)
(tense music)
(crickets chirping)
(birds chirping)
(Reema clears throat)
- It's just coffee today, Reema.
Lunch with the mayor went well.
What's that look? What?
What?
- The sheriff's here to see you.
- Send him in.
- [Reema] Oh.
- [Spencer] Wilson.
- Spencer.
- What can I do for?
- [Sheriff] You hadn't heard?
- [Spencer] Heard what?
- Got a dead girl on the lake.
- Where's the body?
- What's left of it, coroner's office.
There's a bunch of boats in the water
a couple of miles up the coast from where we found the girl,
I sent a couple of my guys up there to bring them in.
- What'd you tell them?
- Lake water tests.
Figure that'd give us some time to figure out
what we're going to say.
- We?
- We hadn't had a murder in this town in 60 years
and now, in a goddamn election year?
You're the warden.
I deal with criminals.
You deal with animals.
- Well, Sheriff, I think I deal with more criminals
in this town than you do.
What makes you think it's an animal?
(Sheriff Wilson scoffs)
(tense music)
- They pulled that out of the middle of her back,
lodged into her spine.
Yeah, that's a shark tooth.
- Impossible.
- Listen, I don't wanna cause a panic
in town with the locals.
Word gets out we got a shark in the lake,
you can forget all about tourists.
- Sheriff, if there were a shark in these waters,
as rare as that would be, the chances of attacking
and killing a swimmer like that doesn't add up.
They don't come into freshwater.
We don't have reefs.
Slaughterhouses? No.
Nothing here to keep them interested.
- All right, then.
Game warden,
how'd a shark end up in my lake?
- [Spencer] Nolan!
- Warden?
- Warden, my ass. What'd you do?
- About what?
- The other day, a little package in the back
of your truck, what did you do?
- Shit, man, I didn't know you meant it.
- What'd you do with it, Nolan?
- I dumped it by the lake.
By the campground. Why?
- You dumped it in the lake.
- Yeah.
I'm sorry, I just didn't wanna make another trip.
That's all.
Damn.
- You told me it was dead, Nolan.
You swore to me.
- It was dead.
I even poked it with a stick.
You saw it.
Wait.
What you trying to say here, huh?
- A young girl's dead, Nolan.
- Huh?
- The shark was alive when you put it back-
- There's no way.
It didn't move for 10 hours.
- What about the one inside it, hmm?
I told you it looked fucking bloated.
- Get the fuck outta here, man.
You telling me it was knocked up?
- You got a better suggestion?
(tense music)
- What you want me to do?
I mean, I didn't do anything.
I mean...
I didn't do anything, man.
You saw it was dead. You saw it.
I poked it with a stick. You saw it, man.
Right?
- Save it for the sheriff, Nolan.
- It was dead.
I poked it with a stick.
Right, with a stick.
(sighs) I need a beer.
(birds chirping)
(water warbling)
(eerie music)
(truck rumbling)
- So do you even have to go to the academy
to be a game warden?
- About 31 weeks, asshole.
- Hmm.
(door creaking)
- Right on time, fellas.
We're in the middle of my lunch hour.
So. (crunching)
At first, I thought that a shark in lake water
didn't make any sense, but I did my research.
Come to find out, it's not as uncommon as you might think.
Louisiana, Mississippi, even parts of the Texas coast,
but never this far up, though.
- Is it dead?
- Excuse me?
- [Sheriff] The shark. Is it dead?
- Hmm. Which one?
- Whoa, whoa, whoa.
What do you mean, which one?
- Look here.
You see the bite ratio here on her lower back?
I called a friend of mine down at the Ocean Institute
and I had them take a look at the measurements.
Come to find out those teeth markings
are from a younger shark.
You know the tooth you found in her back?
It broke off like that because the shark's jawline
is still developing. (crunching)
- What am I supposed to tell that girl's family?
- Nevermind that.
So what you're saying is not one,
but two sharks in our lake?
- Well, unless this adolescent shark got lost at sea,
I can almost bet the mama shark's out there with him.
- Son of a bitch.
- Look, gentlemen, you're interrupting my lunch,
and at the end of the day, I need to be honest
with my cause of death here.
This girl was killed by a shark attack.
And how that happened, that's your jobs to figure out.
- How long can we keep this quiet?
- A few days, if we're lucky.
- This friend of yours at the Institute,
you have his number, in case I have any questions?
- Right there. (crunches)
Good luck.
(people chattering)
- No, no, no, that's not what I said.
No, what I said was I didn't wanna
make a comment at this time,
and legally that's all you can print.
Harry, hold on a second.
Hey, you got the mayor on the line?
Harry, yeah, it's the mayor's office.
I gotta call you back.
Don't print anything. You hear me?
Mr. Mayor.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir, I have a call into the Ocean Institute as well.
When?
All right.
I should be getting a call any minute now.
Reema.
Reema!
That the (indistinct) guy from Port Aransas?
- Line 2.
- Mr. Mayor?
Yes, my assistant just let me know our guy's on hold.
Will do. You got my word.
If you could keep the paper off my back, I'd appreciate it
till we figure this whole thing out.
Yes, sir. Talk to you soon.
What line's the guy from Port A?
- Line 2.
- Goddamn it, there's nobody there.
- Well, he hung up.
Should I call him back?
- Yeah. Right now, please.
If the paper calls back, tell Harry to call
the mayor's office. If he wants a statement, okay?
- Okay.
(phone buzzes) - Goddamn it.
Gary, now's not a good time, my friend.
Yeah.
Yeah, no, it's not that.
I appreciate you checking in on me.
I just got a lot going on at work right now
and I gotta call you back.
This is Timms.
Yes, yes, thank you for calling me back so quickly.
Great, so you understand our situation up here.
Okay. Wait, wait.
Say that last part again.
How could you possibly know all that?
All right, I'll be there tonight.
Thank you.
- Nolan Holt is on line 1.
- Go fuck yourself, Nolan.
- Now was that necessary?
Where do you think you're going?
- Port Aransas. - Now?
That's a seven hour drive.
- It's important.
Have the sheriff meet me at the north dock at 7:00 AM.
Anybody else calls, send them to the mayor's office
till I get back and keep your cell phone on.
- Are you gonna tell me what the hell is going on here?
- Not right now.
(Reema sighs)
(eerie music) (water warbling)
How the hell's everybody have a key to this place?
- 'Cause you're not answering your phone.
- Got a lot going on.
- I can see that.
- It's not like that.
- Okay.
- What's this?
- You know what it is, Spencer.
(melancholy music)
- I'm not signing that.
- You don't really have a choice.
- You come into my house with divorce papers
and you won't even let me see him?
- And whose fault is that?
You remember your little episode at the courthouse.
- He's my son, too.
And you, you are holding him hostage from me.
- (sighs) How dare you?
I have done nothing but give you chances
to have some sort of relationship with him
and you've done nothing but shit all over it.
How many times have you shown up drunk or hungover?
How many times can you cancel on him
before he starts to think you don't give a shit?
(sighs) Just don't put that on me.
- All right, fine.
But I'm not signing this, not yet.
You are still my wife.
We're gonna work through all of this.
We're gonna be a family again.
(melancholy music)
- When you were young, I loved who you were.
Now, I don't know this guy.
And that,
that hurts the worst.
Sign the papers.
It's what's best for all three of us.
Enjoy your drink.
- It's not what's best.
Can we talk about this?
(door closes)
(paper rustling)
(Spencer gulping)
Goddamn it, Spencer.
(man grunts)
(can popping)
(water splashing)
- (laughs) That's a good one right there.
(insect buzzing)
(tense music)
(water gurgling)
(water splashing)
(music intensifies)
(dramatic music) (water splashing)
(man gurgling) (water splashing)
(tense music)
(water warbling)
(water splashing)
(melancholy music)
(truck rumbling)
(seagulls cawing)
(tense music)
- Frankfort, Michigan three years ago,
and that's not the first one I've heard about in freshwater.
I know.
The chances of winning a lottery
or a meteorite falling from the sky
seem more likely than finding a shark in the Great Lakes,
but there are more than 100 eyewitness accounts
of sharks swimming up the Mississippi
as far up as Illinois.
Given the distance between the Gulf of Mexico
and Lake Michigan, I have to suggest that if a shark
with an extreme case of wanderlust could make it
up to the Illinois River, it could surely make it
a third of the way and end up in your backyard.
See, the unique trick is that bull sharks have kidneys
that recycle the salt vital to the animal cells.
Normally, a different freshwater would dilute the salt,
causing the cells to rupture, kill it.
Not the bull shark.
- [Spencer] Great.
- I see this a lot.
When people read magazine articles on shark attacks,
or they turn on the History Channel for one week a year,
suddenly, everyone becomes an expert, but Warden,
Texas, Michigan, Mississippi, the Amazon.
When Hamlin called me, I took a look at what she had.
See this?
The size and depth of these wounds matches that
of only one species.
This isn't a trick of the sun or waves or too much alcohol.
What you're dealing with is a shark,
and from the looks of it, a hungry one.
Now there is some good news.
With the lack of any salt water or appropriate food,
and with the colder temperatures coming,
I think this shark problem
is not gonna last you too much longer.
As long as you've closed the lake, I think the shark thing
is gonna go away pretty quickly.
You did close the lake, right?
(tense music) (water splashing)
(engine revving)
(fishing rod clicking) (birds chirping)
(water splashing)
(tense music)
(paper rustling)
Mr. Mayor.
- Mr. Harper, glad I could catch you.
Is this a bad time?
- Who's this?
- She's with me. Legal counsel.
May I?
About this problem, this little problem we've got
with our lake up north, Coroner Hamlin,
she was up here to speak with you, was she not?
- She did.
- And the game warden, he came down here
and paid you a visit.
- That's right.
He left just about an hour ago.
Look, Mr. Mayor, whatever you wanna know,
I can assure you that I've briefed your game warden.
- You know what? I love to fish.
I once caught a marlin off the Florida Keys.
Came in at eight feet long, 200 pounds.
Took me two hours to reel him in.
Now I know you told Spencer we got a shark in our waters.
Personally, if it was the family of marlins
that wanted to populate the lake, I'd say, bring them on.
I want a rematch.
- But we're not talking about marlins.
That would be impossible.
We're talking about a shark.
- A bull shark.
- That's right.
I've given the game warden the report.
Amputated arms and legs, the bites aren't hard to find.
Take a look at this.
(tense music) - Whoo!
- This is six months ago,
three states north of where you are.
- Watch out, watch out. - Whoa, hold on.
- Whoo. - Watch out.
- Whoo. My gosh.
Hold on to that thing.
Whoo! - Bail some water here.
- Oh my gosh.
Look at his paw, look at his paw, oh my gosh.
Dude, that's like a nine or 10 footer.
That is not like seven.
That's huge!
Oh geez.
Do you see that?
(water splashing)
I don't know.
He attacked us.
He literally attacked us.
- What you're dealing here is a very real possibility.
- [Man] Watch out.
Whoo. Oh my gosh.
Oh, hold on.
- I wonder, does the board at the Ocean Institute
share your conviction on this bull shark theory?
- It's not a theory, it's a fact.
- I doubt they'd be very happy to have a major hit
in their funding because one of their mad scientists
was spouting erroneous rumors about sharks
in freshwater lakes.
- I'm sorry. What are you getting at?
- We are very powerful people, Mr. Harper.
Would you do me a favor?
Would you give us the room?
(Jacob Harper shuffling)
(door closes)
So.
- Could be a problem.
- I am not paying you to state the obvious.
What do we have in place for this?
- Containment.
13 men have run against you.
They all thought they had a chance.
They lost.
We didn't get here by forgetting how we pay our rent.
- And now I'm running up against a fucking shark.
- Don't twist my words.
I'm not saying we win.
I'm saying we take out the story's legs, then its heart.
- And how do we do that?
- (sighs) Who else knows?
(tense music)
- [Mayor] The game warden.
- The alcoholic?
- What's that matter?
- He's the easiest to discredit.
The sheriff?
- He's not a problem. Trust me.
He wants this quiet as much as I do.
- Okay.
We keep the victims' families quiet a little bit longer
until we can draft something up on our side.
Anyone talks, we know the weakest link.
All we have to do is cut him loose and you look like a hero.
- Okay.
- All right then.
The pieces are all on the board
unless there's anyone else who knows about your problem?
(tense music)
- Mm.
(paper rustling)
(tense music)
(door shuts)
- Don't turn around, stay calm.
This is simply two civil servants
having a friendly conversation.
There are so many kinds of bravery in this world.
Sometimes, bravery means laying down your life
for something bigger than yourself or for someone else.
(Coroner Hamlin chomps on apple)
Sometimes, it means giving up everything you've ever known,
everything you've ever loved
for the sake of something greater.
Sometimes, it doesn't.
Sometimes bravery simply means gritting your teeth
through the pain, everyday work, slow walk to a better life,
and doing what you're asked to do
whether or not you agree with it.
- Okay?
Mr. Mayor.
- I don't need you to say anything right now,
but that last kind of bravery I talked about,
that's the kind of bravery you're gonna need right now.
(door opens)
We'll be in touch.
Y'all enjoy the rest of your lunch.
(door shuts)
(keys jingle)
(car rumbling)
(leaves crunching)
(paper rustles)
(birds chirping)
(phone buzzes) - This is Hamlin.
- [Sheriff] Don't think, just listen.
You're gonna go back to your office this afternoon,
and you're gonna file that dead girl's report.
Only difference is, this time, when you file it,
you're gonna leave the cause of death blank.
Understood?
Hamlin.
- Yes, I understand. (sighs)
Fuck.
(tense music) (water warbling)
(birds chirping)
(children laughing) (children yelling)
(water splashing)
(tense music) (water warbling)
(children laughing) (children yelling)
(birds chirping)
(ducks quacking) (tense music)
(water splashing)
(dog panting) (water splashing)
(tense music)
(person whistling)
(dog panting)
(tense music)
(dog barks) (dog whimpering)
(water splashing)
(tense music)
(Spencer coughs) (Spencer spits)
- You're late.
Have you even slept? You look like shit.
- It's a bull shark. We need to close the lake down.
- Bull shark? What makes you so sure?
- Did you hear what I just said?
- I heard you.
But close down the lake?
With the tourists coming in?
You can't just wash those tax dollars away.
I'm up for reelection in two and a half months.
Can't handle that kind of action.
- No, what you can't handle, Wilson,
is a kid getting eaten by a shark.
Can't afford that.
- What are you not telling me?
- The guy at the Ocean Institute, I went and saw him.
Good news is mother sharks don't allow their young
to hunt on their own.
That, plus the size of the bite radius on the dead girl
says we're looking at one shark, not two.
- So what happened to the mother shark?
- His best guess? Didn't survive the birth.
So we've got one dead shark under water
and another one looking for more meals
and it's fucking hungry.
- Did you run this past the mayor?
- Just got in, Pete.
First face I've seen.
We need divers to confirm it.
Otherwise, we trust the expert and assume
if the shark is feeding, that it's got no other choice.
Mother's dead.
- We need to get on the boat.
I can't keep that little girl's mother quiet much longer.
- No, what you need to do is shut down the damn lake.
Cut off its food supply.
- We don't have to do that if we kill the damn thing first.
Now I'm still the fucking sheriff in this town.
Last time I checked, you answer to me.
- Right.
- All right.
So go find us a boat and we'll go out there
and kill this fucking thing.
But we're gonna be real quiet about it, right?
Nobody's gotta know about this but us.
In the meantime, we'll stick
with the whole water testing story.
Hey, I do not want mass hysteria.
You got me?
- I got you.
(footsteps shuffling)
(tense music)
(dock rattling)
(gunshots blasting)
(tense music)
(sheriff yells)
(water splashes)
(sheriff gasps)
(tense music)
(sheriff yells)
(sheriff gurgling)
(tense music)
(eerie music)
(phone ringing)
- The mayor is here to see you.
- Send him in.
- Morbid, terrible shame.
He's a good man.
Gonna be hard to replace.
- Thanks for coming.
Have a seat.
- Where'd you get that?
- Deputy brought it in.
He didn't know what else to do with it.
- The lake is 31 miles long.
- I understand that.
If you allow me to call the harbor patrol.
- No harbor patrol.
Too much negative attention.
You know, anybody can take the wheel of a ship
in calm waters, but the waves get rough, not so easy.
We can't just sit back and enjoy the good times.
We've gotta stand tough through it all.
- I appreciate the pep talk, but sir.
- Not a pep talk, warden. That is a promise.
This town has not seen a murder in more than half a century.
A shark in these waters? That's unheard of.
Sheriff Wilson's dead.
I can deal with that end of the mess,
but you gotta get a handle on this disaster
and live up to your end of the deal.
- Deal?
- Do your fucking job so I can save mine.
I need to know what you're gonna do
about this shark problem.
- I got a charter coming in.
I asked Wilson to shut down the lake, but he refused.
- We can shut down the lake without shutting down the lake.
I'll have my office put out a statement.
Work being performed on the dam.
Sheriff Wilson's another story,
but the coroner's exam is gonna take a couple of days,
maybe enough time for us to come up
with some sort of response.
- There is no response.
We got two people dead.
Now the two options I see is that we cut off
the shark's food supply or wait it out,
and see if it starves itself to death.
That's it.
- And you are the authority on this?
- I spoke to the experts.
I drove down to the Ocean Institute.
- This town can survive anything on two feet.
Wild cats, sharks.
There's only one person around here
who's gonna take the fall for that sort of thing.
Always nice to see you, Reema.
(dramatic, suspenseful music)
(motor whirring)
(suspenseful music)
(Spencer grunts)
(liquid splashing)
(tense music)
- See if you're hungry now, you son of a bitch.
(phone buzzing)
Yeah?
Yeah, no, I know.
I just didn't look at the damn calendar is all.
Yeah, no, that's fine.
It's work. What do you want me to do?
No, we're not done talking about the paper signing.
(tense music)
No, I gotta go.
(gun blasting)
(tense music)
(engine revving)
(water warbling)
(motor whirring)
(truck rumbling)
Already?
- Yes, already.
You forget, didn't you?
- No, I just thought it was gonna be
later in the day, that's all.
Hey, what I'd tell you about bringing the gun in the house?
- I'm sorry, Dad.
- It's all right.
Apologies won't get you anywhere faster.
- Yes, sir.
- Hey, listen.
I will be back to pick you up Sunday.
You call me if you need anything, okay?
Well, have a good weekend.
- Yeah.
(engine revving)
- She's still mad, huh?
- Yeah, you're screwed.
- Yeah, I thought so.
You keeping it clean like I showed you?
- Yeah.
- Good.
Responsibility, it'll teach you
how to do things for yourself.
- There's no TV in the guest room.
- Oh yeah, about that, yeah.
Take my room.
I gotta work this weekend anyway.
Hey, don't pout.
We'll call up Uncle Gary, come over here
and keep you company until I get back.
- I'm 13. I don't need a babysitter.
Besides, he's not even a real uncle.
He's just some guy from your AA meetings.
Seriously?
- I deserve that.
But I need you to stay by the house.
- Mom said you were working on the lake?
- Yeah, it's nothing.
We're just looking for something, but it reminds me.
You stay out of the water this weekend, too.
I don't want you down there with your buddies,
flirting with girls, all right?
Stay outta the water.
Hey, I need to hear you say it.
- I'll stay out of the lake.
- [Spencer] Stay out of the lake.
You promise? - Promise.
- All right, you promised me.
You hungry?
- I can eat.
- We might have to order out.
But let's see. - That's fine.
Your cooking sucks anyways.
- [Spencer] Yeah, I know.
(water splashing)
(crickets chirping)
(water warbling)
(gentle music)
(water splashing gently)
(crickets chirping)
(engine whirring)
(muffled rock music)
(upbeat rock music)
(music stops abruptly)
(gentle, melancholy music)
- I love you, son.
(gentle music)
(light switch clicks)
(door closes)
(tense music)
(can pops)
(Spencer sighs)
(tense music)
(can pops)
(Spencer panting)
(Spencer pants)
(Spencer stumbles)
(water warbling)
(engine whirring) (light adventure music)
(tense adventure music)
(music fading)
All right, you son of a bitch.
(liquid splashes)
(Spencer gags)
(Spencer sighs)
(water splashing) (tense music)
(water warbling)
(water splashing)
(gunshots blasting)
(water warbling) (Spencer stumbles)
(phone buzzes)
What?
Gary, I don't have time for it now, buddy.
Kinda busy here.
Have Grant duty, he's at the house.
(water warbling)
What do you mean he's not at the house?
(tense music)
The lake? I'm on the way.
Fuck.
(Spencer stumbles)
(engine sputtering)
(gunshots blasting)
(water warbling)
(engine sputtering)
Fucking perfect.
(water splashing)
(tense music)
(water splashing) (tense music)
(muffled rock music)
(phone buzzing)
(water splashing)
(phone continues buzzing)
Grant!
Oh, fuck, boy.
Goddamn it, son.
Grant!
Shit.
(tense music)
(water splashing)
Grant!
Get outta the water!
Get outta the water.
- What? - Get outta the water.
Oh my God. Shit.
(tense, suspenseful music)
(Grant gurgling)
(water splashing)
Grant.
Get on my back, son.
Listen to me.
Listen to me, there's a shark in the lake.
I need you to get on my back
and hang on till we get to shore.
Right. (grunts)
(tense music)
Don't look back, son.
Ah!
Come on, come on.
It's okay.
Come on.
Gotta move, boy.
(Grant yells) (water splashing)
We're almost there. (Grant yells)
We're almost there.
Lay down, buddy.
Yeah, you're all right.
Hey, look at me.
Stay with with me.
Oh. (Grant yells)
Hey, hey, listen to me.
I gotta move you.
I gotta get you patched up, all right?
You gotta be brave for me, all right?
Grab hold of my neck.
Grab hold of my neck, you ready?
One, two, three. (Grant screams)
(water splashing)
(door shuts)
- What in the hell were you thinking?
Spencer.
- Stitches, all right?
He's gonna be fine. - I'm not talking about that.
The whole ride over here,
he's telling me he was attacked by a shark.
Is that true?
Oh my God. And you didn't tell me?
- Would it have done any good? No.
- I wouldn't have brought him here if I knew that.
You know he loves the water.
- Hey, I told him, stay outta the lake, okay?
He lied to me too.
- Okay, I can stay here tonight.
I'll drive him home in the morning.
But Spencer, what the hell is going on?
- There's a shark in the lake.
Don't ask me how, but it survived.
It's killed three people.
- And this isn't on the news?
And somehow you're in charge of this?
- They need a fall guy. You're looking at him.
- Spencer, I know you.
Whatever this is, you cannot serve two masters.
- I'm clean.
On our son, I am clean.
- What are you gonna do?
- Mayor doesn't want me to bring attention to it,
can't hire a guy to kill the shark.
It's gotta be me.
- Spencer, they're just looking for an out
when this thing blows up in their faces.
(tense music)
What?
- What'd you just say?
I said, they're gonna blame you for this.
- No, no, after that.
It'll blow up in their faces.
- I can help.
(gun cocks)
- Let's go.
Nolan Holt.
Get your ass out here.
- Oh, hell.
What'd you come all the way over here to arrest my ass?
- No, I came to help you.
- Help me?
- Yeah.
- Who's she?
- [Spencer] It's my wife.
- Ex-wife. - Nothing's been signed yet.
- So you two need to get on the same page.
- Nevermind all that, Nolan.
It's not why I'm here.
I'm here because I need you as much as you need me.
All right?
- Oh yeah?
What do you want from me?
- You wanna make this shark thing disappear?
Save your sorry ass in the process?
I need you to do something for me.
- All right, what do you want?
- Do you have anything that explodes?
Now think, dynamite, gunpowder, anything.
- C-4.
- What?
You want something that explodes, right?
Well, that's the ticket right there.
What you want it for?
- Where in the hell did you get C-4?
- What, we gonna ask 20 questions here?
Or do you want the damn stuff?
- What do you want for it?
- Get the sheriff off my ass.
- Deal.
Thanks, Nolan.
- Be sure you poke it with a stick.
(Nolan imitates explosion)
Right, Macho Man? (chuckles)
(tense music)
- Here, take over up front.
Anything breaks the surface, you shoot it.
(tense music)
If he's in the shallow waters,
all I gotta get him to do now is swallow this.
- Okay, then what?
- Then we blow it to pieces with this.
(liquid splashes)
(Spencer gags)
- All right.
- That should get his attention.
- Now what?
- Now?
Now we wait.
(suspenseful music)
(birds chirping)
(water splashing)
I don't get it.
Damn thing should've been here by now.
I'm almost out of bait.
- Maybe we should move to a different spot.
- Deeper waters won't work, in case one of us has to get in.
- Get in?
As in get in the water with the shark?
- How else do you expect it to swallow the C-4?
- I don't know.
I thought it would come close enough we could just toss it
in its mouth.
- Really? Yeah, that'd be easier, for sure.
- You're not seriously considering this, are you?
- Oh, what? What's this?
Huh?
All of a sudden, you give a shit about what happens to me?
I needed this person before, not now.
- So did I.
(Spencer stumbles)
- Fuck.
This ain't working.
I'm getting in.
(Dottie breathing shaking) (metallic rattling)
- Just make it a clean shot. - No!
(water splashes)
(tense music)
(suspenseful adventure music)
Come on, come on, come on, come on.
(tense music)
- Come on.
Oh, come on, oh come on.
(tense music)
(Dottie grunts)
(water bubbling)
Shoot it!
(gunshot blasting) (C-4 exploding)
(Dottie panting)
(birds chirping)
(both grunting)
- Come here. (Dottie panting)
We did it. (Dottie gasping)
(both panting)
(birds chirping)
(phones ringing)
- I'm glad you're starting over.
All of you.
Gonna miss you around here, Warden.
- Nah, the new guy'll do just fine.
Besides, quitting while you're still good at something
ain't the same as quitting.
- I can't seem to find that thermos of yours anywhere.
- No, it's gone.
I don't need it anymore.
- Well, if you ever wanna stop and pay a visit,
there will always be a pot of coffee on for you.
- I believe it.
Thanks, Reema.
(phones ringing)
(box rustling)
(water splashing) (birds chirping)
(seagulls cawing)
(tense music)
(dramatic music)
(tense, suspenseful music)
- Yeah, I'm working on my book right now, Bubba.
Well, it ain't finished yet.
I mean, I'm working on it as we speak.
Yeah, it'll be out soon. (chuckles)
First I'm gonna go out on the lake,
I'm gonna get me some dinner.
Get me some of that poontang fish fin,
you know what I mean?
Shark fin, if I can. (chuckles)
All right, I'll call you back.
All right, all right, all right.
(leaves crunching)
Whoo!
(water splashing)
Goddamn, it's cold.
Whoo!
Whoo-whee.
Yeah.
I'll get you tonight, boy.
Oh, yeah. (hums)
All right.
(line thwacking) Oh yeah!
(Nolan grunts)
There we go. (water splashing)
Chapter 1.
"Terror in the Water."
Today's October 3rd, 2021.
It's been three weeks since this sleepy town
been ravaged by...
The lake shark.
Ah.
It's been three weeks since this town...
Been ravaged the silent predator known
as the lake monster.
(water splashing)
It's been three weeks since this sleepy town
been ravaged the Lone Star Shark.
Yeah! Got a best-seller, you know it, boy.
Whoo! Good stuff.
Oh, ooh, ooh, ooh.
Oh boy.
Goddamn it, son of a bitch!
Dumb piece of shit. (grunts)
Am I stuck on something? What is that?
Goddamn it. (water splashing)
Where's it at? (tense music)
Oh, shit! (water splashing)
This is Nolan Holt, confirming the worst fears:
the Lone Star Shark lives on.
Stay tuned.
(water splashing)
(Nolan breathes shakily)
(Nolan screams)
(tense, suspenseful music)
(dramatic, suspenseful music)
(dramatic music)